= CloudMagic Offline (revival)
* http://github.com/velcdr/CloudMagic-offline-revival

== DESCRIPTION:
CloudMagic Offline is a free application that allows you to search your Gmail in-box as fast as using your desktop search. CloudMagic Offline works by creating a search index of your online data on your local hard disk. While your browser is functioning, the application is constantly updating the search index, in the background.

Unlike Gmail Cloudmagic Offline supports partial search.

http://www.wikihow.com/Use-the-CloudMagic-Gmail-Search-Extension

CloudMagic Offline was previosly published on:

http://addons.mozilla.org/pl/firefox/addon/cloudmagic-offline/
http://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cloudmagic-offline-discon/oibjdhoodnlmcabfammkpopceokadllh

In the 2012 CloudMagic Offline has been discontinued and all users have been asked to switch to the new CloudMagic.
This repo is an effort to bring CloudMagic - Offline to life.

== REQUIREMENTS:

Gmail account
Firefox or Google Chrome browser

== INSTALL:
1. Install extension from the “oldbase” folder
2. Close browser
3. Replace contents of the CloudMagic extension folder

How to locate CloudMagic extension folder

a) Chrome
- Navigate to chrome://version and look for Profile Path.
- Bring up the Extensions management page by going to this URL chrome://extensions and look 
for Identification of the "CloudMagic Offline (discontinued)" extension.
- The CloudMagic extension is located in “Profile Path + “\Extensions\” + Identification.


b) Firefox 
%APPDATA%\Mozilla\Firefox\Profiles\xxxxxxxx.default\extensions\cloudmagic@webyog
(where xxxxxxxx is unique profile id)
